Privacy Policy for Pocket Caddy
At Pocket Caddy our priority is the privacy of 	our users. This Privacy Policy statement details the information that this app collects and how this information is used.
For any queries or information about the Privacy Policy, please contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the information that is collected in Pocket Caddy. This privacy policy does not apply to information obtained offline or through additional means except this App.

Consent
By consuming this App, you consent to our Privacy Policy and therefore agree to its terms.

Information we collect
The personal information that you offer us and the purpose of why you are asked to provide this information, will always be clear when we ask you to provide us with your personal information.
If you contact us, we will receive information about you this may include any of the following: your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and any attachments you include and any other information you provide.
If you register for an account, we will ask for your contact information which will be recorded.
When you use our App, we will gather GPS location information about your device.

How we use your information
The information collected is used in many ways, including to:
Improve, personalise and expand our app
Operate our app
Maintain our app
Understand how you use our app and analyse your usage. 
Prevent fraud
Develop new features, products, functionality, and services
Communicate with you directly or through one of our service partners, including but not limited to for customer service.
Send you emails

GDPR Data Protection Rights
We want to make sure you are fully informed of all your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to:
Access – the right to request we send copies of the personal data we hold on you to you. A small processing fee may be charged to you for this service.
Rectification – the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
Erasure – the right to ask that we delete your information, under certain circumstances.
Restrict processing – the right to request that we limit the processing of your personal information, under certain circumstances.
Object to processing – the right to raise an objection to the processing of your personal data, under certain circumstances.
Data portability – the right to request that we transfer the data that we have retained directly to you or a third party, under certain circumstances.
We have one month to respond to you if you make a request. 
Please contact us if you would like to exercise any of these rights as they have been outlined.

Children's Information
Another priority of ours is ensuring added protection for children who use our app. We would ask parents and guardians to observe and/or monitor their child’s online activity.
We do not knowingly or willingly record any Personal Identifiable Information from any children who are under thirteen years of age. If, for any reason, you believe that your child has provided this information on our app, we recommend you immediately contact us as soon as possible and we will strive to directly delete any personal information from our records.
